List available measurement units (#3246)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/introduction/general_tools.rst

To stop measuring, click your right mouse button.

Note that you can use the drop-down list near the total to interactively change

> the measurement units while measuring ('Meters', 'Kilometers', 'Feet', 'Yards',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the measurement units ('Meters', 'Kilometers', 'Feet', 'Yards',
```
The units can also be changed after measuring.

> the measurement units while measuring ('Meters', 'Kilometers', 'Feet', 'Yards',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the measurement units while working with the measure tool ('Meters', 'Kilometers', 'Feet', 'Yards',
```
I am not sure that this is an improvement - just a suggestion...
